Alright. We are now live.
And we're back.
Yeah. On a new video. So I'll get
the tweet out. And you're just gonna all
start shaping, and then we'll move back on
to
podcast pop.
Hello, Ellie. I forgot nothing.
Alright. That was a tweet.
And we will have some videos you'll be
excited to know pop.
The card, I can upload a few of
them, which they're doing there.
But we won't be able to look at
the more than half of them.
Cool.
And Brent Brandon, I think, donated some money
to code twenty forty.
Oh, great.
Cool.
Let me take a look at that. I
thought that, Paul, your video is off. I
don't know if that's intentional or not.
He's taken off the pizza.
Alright. Well,
so this is supposed to be our
pop those podcast segment. You've already told us
how you got into tech. So I'm gonna
throw a few more questions at you. We'll
keep this late and have a bit of
fun and then we'll all
oh, yeah. We've gotta substitute
Paul.
So if
you could pick anyone, living or dead, to
join on the podcast, who would that be?
That's an awesome question.
Wow.
Tesla, probably. Like, Nikolai Tesla, you know, and
just because
I think you know, I watched a documentary
recently with him at the Ethan Hawke, I
think. And and
I just think
he had an alternate way of, you know,
obviously,
you know, of thinking.
And I just I I I'm all about
that. And I think there was a there's
that movie I think was, like, Prestige or
something. And I I was like, it's just
they made they made this, like, myth myth
about him well, but that would be one
of them. Benjamin Franklin, another one.
Long Shanks from from Braveheart.
That's the problem with Scotland. It's full of
Scots.
There you go.
Said keep it light, brother.
Yeah.
I'm I'm I'm actually gonna ask you a
serious question,
kinda go through something. So,
you you know, and I kinda prepped you
for this the other day. You know, as
as
long as I've known you, you've always had
this sort of,
like, this mentor mentality.
You know, you've always
offered help and things like that. But in
02/2019,
you know, something happened to you, and you
made this very these very positive changes in
your life.
You know? Can you just talk about that
for a minute?
Yeah.
I've struggled. I just like we all struggle,
you know, struggle with your weight, you struggle
with health.
And,
obviously, by the fact that I ate a
whole fucking medium pizza, I really probably shouldn't
have
I really give a shit about my health.
All this aside, normally, you know, I'm very,
very clean. But, like, I went to my
doctor, and the doctor's like, you probably will
die. Your blood pressure right now is a
or, like, one thirty
or so. It was one twenty. It was
pretty, like, high.
And he was like, you needed to you
need to do some lifestyle changes. And so
that point, I was, you know, probably almost
a hundred pounds overweight.
And,
it's a struggle every day, you know, all
of us. Right? It's like, especially, you know,
this this pant panty we're we're in right
now, it's hard to do that. But I've
just focused, and I think all aspects of
my life has gotten better by having this
repetition by you know, regardless of eating this
whole pizza, I'm going to the gym tonight.
I'm religious about that. I go twice a
day sometimes, like this, you know, whatever, but
I enjoy it. But it's also helped my
the way that I approach my show. I
almost see it as, like, reps. You know
what I mean? Like, if I do this
and then, you know, it's like I have
this methodical way. Like, every single
Friday, I'll do my primary cut of of
the show. And then Saturday, I'll do, like,
the, you know, the more of the stuff
and and and all of that. So it's
helped me in all aspects of my life.
But, I mean, pretty much, I had an
awful year, just an awful year,
You know? And then I decided to make
those lifestyle changes.
Dude, because I'm gonna be honest with you.
You know? It's black and white. Right? Like,
you you know? I mean and and and
all of it's been for the better. Right?
Like, in, you know, I I I I
yeah. I mean, don't wanna sound macabre or
anything like that, but, you know,
I can't see
you you like, I can't imagine you being
where you are today without having made those
changes because, I mean, it's really been just
like
like this spurt of growth just as you
know, personally and professionally,
like, it's it's been amazing. So kudos to
you. I think you get back the confidence.
Right? And so
see you later, Marky.
I think that's the other thing is I
just you know, I feel that if I
put my mind to it, I can accomplish
anything. And it's not me being, like, conceded
or anything like that. It's just, you know,
you have to have that mindset. And I'm
hoping I wanna inspire other people. I wanna
help help everybody. You think I don't? I
spend my my off hours, you know, doing
stuff for the community, and it's not like
I wanna hand out or anything. I just
wanna help people. That's I have no pardon
me. I don't have an ulterior motive at
all. Yeah. So Yeah. No. That's good. And
that that kinda leads us to this next
question. So you do all these things for
the community.
You know, you you do all these things
for community. I don't do enough. Oh, man.
And I'm telling no. I'm dead serious. I
wanna do more. Like, this is the year
I'm gonna double down. So Well well, I
mean, I
I
we we can't wait to see it. Right?
Like
but what do you do to what do
you do in your downtime? What do do
to unwind? And I'm not I'm not talking
about the gym, like, because, you know, even
I look at that as, like, a big
stress reliever, but, you know,
what do you do to relax?
I don't. No.
I I have two kids. I have a
son, and I have a daughter and a
son, and and they take a lot of
my time. And it's, you know, it's fun
just, you know, obviously,
helping them grow and helping them kinda see
the world.
I love music. Right? So, like, you know,
obviously, by the guitars and stuff like that,
I like to play.
But, like, I also enjoy like, I miss
and this is something, like, you know, recently,
like, Brandon and Augustus came to
to the Long Island, and we had dinner
together. I love having meals with people and
just enjoying, like, just having conversations. I'm hoping
that I get to visit all of you
and and do that at some point. That
was my plan for
I had this idea for the for a
podcast. It was originally gonna be the dinner
with DevOps.
So remember that show that was like and
I wanna do that for the season. It
was that show, like, dinner for five, and
they had, like, people around the table, and
they would talk about movies and and and
and talk about the movies they were in.
There were actors and stuff. I wanna do
that same thing. A round table, different people,
just like you would at any conference. You
sit there and you start talking to each
other about just the cool concepts that you
worked on. Oh, and then and then meet
people and stuff like that. Like, when we
had
the Kubernetes
New York meetup, shout out to you, Ariel
and Paul,
We used to go to dinner after the
meetups
and, you know, grab some, you know, some
appetizers and BS. And you'd have, like, Paul
you know, people coming in from town, like
Joe Duffy from Pulumi would come and we,
you know, we'd I I get to meet
him or, you know, folks from, like, you
know, the the end user community. It's the
greatest thing in the world. I just that's
the sole again, to answer your question, like,
I love having meals with people, having great
wine, having a great, you know, cocktail, and
just BS ing. That's like I love that.
Alright.
So we said
sorry. You go, Paul.
Alright.
So we have spoken a lot about pineapple
pizza.
I never got out of you, Pop.
What do you like on your pizza?
Okay. So
my so I don't know. This is something
I don't think we no people know. Maybe
I said this before. My father used to
own about 20 like, 15 pizzerias in Upstate
New York. So, like, I grew up in
this business.
And,
and, you know, no offense to anybody owned
restaurants. It's the hardest business in the world,
without a doubt. It's super, super hard. I
mean, you know, Cody's brother owns a bar
amazing barbecue restaurant. Go check them out. And,
and so, you know,
on terms of on my pizza,
I like just a plain pizza. And if
I'm, you know, going crazy, I'll do, like,
a, like, a buffalo chicken slice or something,
but it's typically just a plain slice. You
can judge a pizza by its slice, I
think. Like, you know, my favorite in in
the city, for instance, is Joe's. Joe's,
you know, Joe's is a great place and
then John's on Bleecker for a full full
pie.
So you like a good Kevin McAllister slice,
plain cheese?
Plain exactly.
Exactly.
Nice. A purest.
A pizza purest named Pop.
Well, there's a there's a
there's that marriage
of sauce to cheese ratio with a good
crust. Right? That to me is is like
you you can't f that up. You know,
you can't you can't put hag haggis on
that shit and expect it to be good.
What's
that, boss?
You're the Pythagoras of pizza.
Pretty much.
A squared, b squared, c squared. No? What?
No? Did I get wrong? My dad, but
with pizza.
Alright. So we we said earlier we had
a few videos for you, and I managed
to get a few of them onto this
platform that we're using now. So I'm gonna
take a quick break and play one of
these videos, and then we're gonna come back
with a few more questions. So strap yourself
in me.
And because Marky said goodbye in the chat
there, I'm gonna start off with his video.
I've been friends with Pop for quite a
long time, and his friendship
has meant the world to me.
Being on his show was kind of a
long time in the making. We planned that
out for a very, very long time.
And the things that he's done for the
community
and
the the just his selflessness to bring everybody
together to uplift
people and give them them hope. I'm just
I'm so proud of I'm so proud of
the POPCAST.
I'm so proud of POP. I really, really
wish you didn't have to eat pineapple on
pizza because it's a sin.
I'm gonna go ahead and forgive you,
because I love you. And I just want
you to know thank you for everything that
you've done for me. Thank you for everything
that you've done for this community
and for all of those people that wanted
to see you eat this pineapple
on pizza. Sweet mother Mary of God. I
I I don't know what's wrong with you
people.
Love you, pop.
I love Marky. I I just I love
him to death.
What a guy. Alright.
Let's get another question and then we'll pop
over in one of these other videos. So
another question on for a regular question I
feel from the podcast is the crystal ball.
We're we're gonna give you
you don't know your own
No. No. I I I couldn't understand you're
speaking speaking Scottish.
Crystal ball? Let me get my good English
voice. The crystal ball question.
So
tell us what's gonna happen in the future.
We're gonna start off with CICD.
What comes next?
Oh, technology wise? Yeah.
Oh.
Or
I No. Go for it. I mean, technology
wise, it could just be discipline wise. It
could be whatever. Like, when I say CICD,
what do think is coming next?
I think, obviously, I I because, you know,
my my forte is security. Right? So it's
like, I think pipeline security, you know, is
is is key. I think,
also integrating, like, security in pipelines, I think,
is is huge. I think also just abstracting
away,
making Kubernetes less operational, more app application, I
think, is is what I'd like to see
as well.
Obviously, I have to, with Paul here, talk
more about, like, serverless stuff, and I'd like
to see more of that fun happening.
And, you know, and I think, you know,
I've tracked in that way. But I and
I see a future again where
people aren't just limited to vulnerability scanning for
pipelines. They're looking at it runtime, and I'm
you know, I'll I'll tout Falco because I
love Falco. That's why I'm I'm I'm over
there because I think Falco's a fantastic thing.
So in my crystal ball, I would say
that I like to see more collaboration. I
like to see more, like, open source do
I think more people more enterprises should adopt
open source because they're stupid if they don't
because it's it's a great way to, you
know, adopt amazing technologies.
And lastly, I'll say, you know, again, throw
some, some love to you all. Like, you
know, in terms of, you know, bare metal
deployments, without a doubt, it's awesome to see
see some of that stuff and as well
as, like, you know, tuning for configuration
through machine learning.
Like, to me, that when I saw I
I wasn't bullshitting when I had, you know,
Ofer on the podcast talking about that that
from what StormForge is doing. It's phenomenal. Like,
you can use this, like, every single day.
It's like, oh, I have you know, I
wanna be able to, like, tweak this. If
you can do do tweak this from a
machine learning perspective, your configurations from Kubernetes perspective,
that's the magic. Like, everybody always wants to
do that. What are you gonna do with
metrics? You use metrics to be able to
drive,
you know, configuration changes and all this stuff.
If you can do that in real time,
like, Cody, man, that's that's that's a great
place to be. So
Nice. So we got two more crystal ball
terms for you. Open source.
I think I answered the open source question.
We kinda laid onto open source after CICD,
but Yeah. Alright. Last one, podcast.
Podcast. So in the few so season two,
you know, we're having another you know, big
names again.
More sponsors, more bigger. We're, you know, redoing
the look a little bit. And, shout out
to Lizbeth.
She's our graphic designer, creative person. She's awesome.
And, we're gonna do some work there. And,
but, yeah, just go bigger and better, have
more guests.
Also, not so much like big names. I
also wanna try to do more with CNCF
projects.
So, you know, stay stay tuned.
If you haven't subscribed, go ahead and don't
subscribe and unsubscribe quickly just because I you
make me eat eat a pizza. Enjoy the
content. And no bullshit. This isn't like a
publicity stuff we did for
for for this. I, you know, I think
we all like, I really enjoy putting this
content for you all. Like, I love doing
it. I want I I can't wait to
the episodes I got coming up. I mean,
I got the guy from that created Plex.
I don't know if you all use Plex.
It was a dream of mine. Like, all
of this stuff is all running Plex, and
that's how I learned microservices.
And so I was literally, like, gobsmacked talking
to this guy the whole time. So that
was phenomenal. I had, Phil Estes is on
for, you know, the king of container d.
Such a brilliant person, such a nice and
open person.
He's on. I just had, you know, a
ton ton of folks, and and I there's
some surprises I can't tell you all, but
he like, huge names. Also, like, you know,
some amazing sponsors are gonna be jumping on.
Can't talk about right now, but, you know,
we're gonna go bigger and better. And and
the whole thing is not just bigger and
better in the fact that, like,
you know, I want to do more for
the community. We're gonna donate more money. We're
gonna do that. I mean, again, last year,
we donated $5,000
to Code twenty forty, American Cancer Society,
you know, also to the Dan Cohen Tribute
Fund. We've done, you know, we've done that,
and it's all based on the community enjoying
the show. I I fucking love that.
Awesome.
Do you see a
pizza related sponsor?
No.
I don't. Well, Papa John's is definitely out
after that experience.
Alright. Let's throw in another video, and then
we'll get you another question.
Hello. I'm Paul from Popcast
episode 39,
and
I love what Pop's doing with the Popcast.
I think he's doing two important things for
the Kubernetes community.
Number one,
he is creating some history. So he's, you
know, answering questions about what kind of thoughts
went into why we do things the way
we do by interviewing the people that are
really building the software.
And two, he's humanizing. He's he's bringing a
human element to
these people whose names we see plastered all
over the thing that we work on.
Can seem larger than life. And in a
way, he's he's making them into friends and
acquaintances and
people we can actually engage with and ask
questions of, which I think is very important
in the space that we're in because community
is all about collaboration.
So being able to have the confidence to
reach out to others like that is big.
So
in celebration of Pop, I'm I'm happy he's
joining us on the the salty plus sweet
bandwagon with Pineapple today, And look forward to
seeing the episode of him down in the
whole pizza.
Can I tell you something? Like, Paul is
like, such an amazing resource in open source.
Like, that guy
and not just, you know, because he's my
friend and and and all, but, like, he
is so brilliant. I mean, he was in
the CoreOS in the CoreOS days, you know,
doing marketing for Chorus. You're marketing something
that at the time, nobody knew what the
hell Kubernetes was.
Right? And and and and
the amazing that, like, Brandon and Paul V
and Red Beard and all those people did.
I mean, it's just
that guy is and if you've ever and
and I I I don't know. Paul, have
you ever met the other Paul?
No.
I don't think so.
So I think you dig dig him. Like,
the dude is just like I said, he
he he has he's so learned. He he
can, like, speak about different topics, but at
at LinkedIn in a very, like, great way.
And so the the clip that I did
in the podcast with him in the year
end was him talking about the the the
beginning of calculus. But he did it in
such a way that, like, you're you were
hooked on what the what how did they,
you know, figure out how to use yeah.
Figure out calculus. I was like,
phenomenal. So I I think you all would
dig him. Yeah. He wasn't even supposed to
be a math major either. Right? It was
just kinda thrown on him. So shout out
to Paul.
That guy's fantastic.
So
okay. So pop. Besides the POPCAST and everything
you're doing for me, what are you most
proud of?
The culture at Sysdig.
I'm so proud of that.
You know? And
the culture we built is a very family
first culture.
It's like meaning, like, you know, we we
want everybody to succeed. So I'm I'm I'm
I'm extremely
proud of that.
Beyond the podcast, I'm obviously, proud of my
children, my my my wife, my family,
the friendships I've cultivated in this industry. I
mean, look, David, I knew of you. I'm
gonna throw you some kudos. I know we
we bullshit all the time, but you know
I love you. And, but, dude, like, you
know, I'm so glad we've gotten tight, and
and I'm so happy for for your growth
in terms of your show.
I wanna be right there with you helping
you, man. I want you someday to get
that CNCF ambassadorship.
I want to hopefully do a cube come
with you to talk.
You know, it's just like you, you know,
you do great things, and I want more
people to see what you do. That's, you
know, the main reason, like, I was like,
I'm gonna eat this pizza, but we're gonna
do it in a Rawkode. I don't care.
Like, that's just it, man.
So yeah. So it's the relationships as well.
Hold on. Wait a minute. Anyway
alright. Cool. Thank you. I really appreciate those
kind words as well, by the way. That's
great.
Let's get a one more video. What do
we want, Cody? We have
Pawan. Will we go with Pawan?
Yeah. Let's do it.
What up, Pop? Happy New Year, man. We
did a lot of big time stuff in
and I know we're definitely gonna do a
lot of big time stuff in 2021.
So really excited about that. I know I
was supposed to record a thirty second video,
but it's gonna be a lot less because
that's the only way I know how to
big time you. And remember,
pineapple always on the pizza.
Poppins awesome. Poppins awesome.
We we actually asked all these people to
like smite you for thirty seconds and every
one of them said something nice. It was
really frustrating to put together. I've gotta say
like
I'm sure Paul Paul decided to be on
the social. He can just smite me the
whole time.
Right, Paul?
Sorry. I just I rejoined.
I'm doing this on No. I was just
Go ahead, bud. I'm sorry. Drops me off.
My bad. Sorry.
No. I was just saying, man. I was
like, they they were saying, like, people were
were saying not so saying nice things to
me. I need somebody to smack me down.
I was like, oh, you just had Paul
on. You can just smack me down the
whole show.
It's all love, dude.
Same, brother. All love for pineapple pizza, baby.
Alright.
Well, there's one more video I managed to
get uploaded. So I'm gonna do that now.
The rest I'll stick on YouTube. And then
we've got one more question for you. And
then we'll finish up and then you get
back to your day. Hey,
Pop. Listen. I know you're about to do
something really crazy, but I just want you
to know that what you're doing out there
in the world helps people. Right? So I
really appreciate everything that you do with the
podcast and your presence and the Kubernetes community
and everything else that you're doing. It's it's
incredibly impactful and very helpful, and and you're
the truth, man. And I really appreciate what
you do, and and thank you for it.
And enjoy that pineapple, bro.
Got that guy's voice.
I love Chris Short. That's another one, man.
Chris Short,
helpful.
Just you know, that's another one, that guy
that, like,
man, we're so we are you know how
lucky we are in this community? You know
how fucking lucky we are? Like, these are
just amazing people. Castro,
Cody,
sometimes Paul over here, David McKay, Augustus.
Like, do you know, lucky in Coldwater.
We're so fucking lucky. This is such a
great time to be in this technology space,
and everybody wants to fucking help each other.
Could you do you know that like, I
say this every fucking podcast. I'll say it
again. You do you know of any other
space that does everybody just all these brilliant
people want to collaborate?
Thank you, Sarah Novotny.
Thank you.
Alright. We No.
Yeah.
Alright. So the last question we're stealing from
the podcast is public question. We're gonna give
you three words, and we wanna hear the
first word that comes to your head.
Falco.
Innovative.
Kubernetes.
Community.
Boston.
Fuck you.
All jokes aside, I love the people in
Boston. I hate I hate Fenway, and I
hate Red Sox. Sorry.
I like, people right here. Some people.
Right here.
Rest of y'all, like you know? And, again,
like, I I've a lot of good friends
in Boston, I don't wanna talk shit about
it. But at the end of the day,
like, I am a Yankee fan for life.
I don't don't go cut this up. Like,
don't I like, Boston people, I love you.
Some of you.
Alright. Well, I mean, thank you for taking
time out of the day. I know we
had some hiccups, but, you know, it was
a pleasure to spend time with you. Thank
you, Paul and Cody as well for Can
I say thank you to you all, you
know, and just say thank you for putting
this together and thank you to the people
that made those videos? I'm like, I I'm
I am shocked. Like, honestly, like, it's like,
I'm feeling almost like impostor syndrome. Like, I
I don't, you know, I don't deserve that.
And I I wanna do even more to
to help everybody, and it's not bullshit. That's
all I'm gonna say. So I thank you
all from the bottom of my heart. It's
I I mean, all so much to me.
Well, yeah. It's my
Dude, thanks for everything you do, Pop, and
thanks for
for having me onto this crazy thing.
And thanks,
David and Cody, for putting this thing together.
Awesome.
Thank you both.
Yeah.
Thank you, Pop.
Yeah. I mean, as much as we wanted
to watch you eat the the pineapple pizza,
and we wanted to be ready a little
bit, you know, make you sweat, we also
just wanted to return the love. Right? You
know, we really appreciate everything that you do,
the things that you're doing for the community
and for us. You know? So thank you
from the bottom of all of our hearts.
We love you, and we'll speak to you
again soon.
Thank you.